The Joe Rogan experience. I hate just hate it. I hate all of it. You know?
I mean, I hate the fact that we get led into these things. That's the thing.
Yeah. That's this could happen that we,
people could lose brothers and sisters and friends and just.
All of it. I,
the most disturbing thing I've ever seen there was this like a group of four
pictures of this little kid. I remember his name,
Timmy and the it's like the first one he's like in his little
camouflage, like holding up a photo of his dad, then they made a, um,
like stuffed animal with his dad's face on it.
And then he's like holding up a sign. It's like, I love your dad.
Can't wait to see you soon. Like the dad was dead, like 20 know,
like show some support for little Timmy. I'm like, this is, oh,
there's one of him kissing the dad's gravestone. And I'm like, this is not good.
Like, yeah, we should support this kid.
But it would be a lot better if he wasn't in this position. It's heartbreaking.
And just seeing him cuddling with his dad's doll. Oh, it was,
it really messed with me something fierce. Oh, it's awful.
And we need less of that.
We definitely need.
Less, more as, as little as PO as mean as little of that as possible.
It's just heartbreaking to say. And he's just so cute and proud.
Isn't it crazy though, that you,
you really only can say as little as of that as we can,
you can't say we should have no war because no one thinks right.
Humans are conflict and animals that kill each other.
But that's amazing. Yeah. That as much as we know,
like our base of knowledge that we can extract information from
is so giant, our ability to communicate with each other is unprecedented.
We can translate things in real time. Sure.
And still we got mores inevitable.
Yeah. Someone wants to take your stuff. And I don't, you know,
someone else says, I don't want you taking my stuff. This has been, you know,
it's but it's gotten a lot better.
Definitely gotten a lot better. A lot better, less.
We get newed into the stone age, somewhere around March.
Sure. Yeah. Just in time for the prime Marys. No, I mean, it used to be,
it was considered appropriate that if you beat someone in a war,
you kill everyone. Yes. And now it's like, maybe we don't need to like,
literally kill everyone. They're like, oh, okay. Let's, let's try that.
Maybe.
Or maybe you kill this general and then they kill some of your guys and then you
kill a bunch of people and they kill a bunch of are people. And they say,
if you do that again, we're gonna NCU. And they say, go ahead, do it.
And then you do, and then Russia gets involved. Then China gets involved.
Then Los Angeles gets vaporized.
So it has a happy ending. Oh.
Son of a. Well,
you you'll be out here with a crazy suit on and there'd be no one here to listen
to us a crazy suit. What do you mean? Some sort of radiation suit.
Oh, okay. Thank you of my clothes.
<laugh> cuz I got an outfit ready for when I'm on Ruben.
Yeah. You have a apocalypse suit, special tie.
Apocalypse, a convo character. Dark. Side's.
Got little atomic signs in it.
I look like a new wave, uh, singer.
Look. It's kind of amazing that we haven't nuked anybody since 1947. Yeah.
That's amazing. In and of itself, right? Was it 45?
It was 45. Japan. Yeah. 45.
Yeah. Yeah. So we haven't nuked anybody since 45.
It's and no one else has either. That's what's important. That's amazing.
Except for Russia, nuking themselves basically with your noble. Whoops. Yeah.
And then North Korea didn't they do that. Didn't they experiment and the.
Mountains. Yes. And the mom kind of collapsed the mountain,
but I don't think anyone died. So yeah. I mean, look, knock on wood.
That that's all that happened is, is wood, you know? Yes it is. So I, I mean,
I'm very hopeful about, uh, uh, the future.
Of this country in the world. How could they possibly iron things out with Iran?
How could they possibly say they Iran? Hey, up. We.
I don't think he thinks he up if Crenshaw has, if Crenshaw has his back,
you know, explaining this. I, I think he's not gonna backed on this.
Trump's not a backed.
Anyway. Right.
But do you think it's possible that they could somehow another work this out?
Yes.
Really? Yeah. Because if,
if cruise ch and JFK could work out the Cuban missile crisis.
Right. But JFK never sent a drone to shoot down cruise CHS, no two guy.
Sure.
But at the same time, if you're like, look even in a sense,
the sanctions and how we've kind of collapsed my understanding,
I'm not an expert. Iran's currency is also a huge deal. Right.
And it has caused a lot of, you know, suffering there.
So they didn't do anything about that. True, good point at a certain point,
you know, if you just you're big enough,
the people just have to be like the there's nothing. Do.
You think that's real though?
I just feel like this one is so public and demands a response and I
don't think they're not gonna respond.
They could respond in some way. That's kind of like.
To say face now, how many? Right. Right.
How many people do you think are in the Iranian
regime that want change?
And that realize that the Iranian regime and their support of certain aspects of
terrorism and the support of a lot of the stuff that they're claiming this guy
did, including the, the IEDs and this is all problematic.
Cause they brought this upon them by their acts and their deeds and that we
needed change the government. Like that's really what a sophisticated
intelligence society would want. They would,
they would wanna figure out how to infiltrate that thing, that organization.
And so seeds of doubt and like, let everybody know, Hey,
do you love your children? Because this guy just made a giant mistake. I can.
All coming down. I can only look at it through the let of stuff.
I actually I'm informed about, which is like North Korea and the Soviet union.
And what happens is these regimes, the people at the top, aren't there,
cuz they're smart or charismatic. They're there cuz they're loyal.
That's the first thing they test for.
And everyone's always looking after each other to kind of be like, look,
this guy's gone soft and they're getting rid of each other that way.
That's the power place going on over there.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so if you have so one being like,
oh maybe we shouldn't do terrorism.
All of a sudden everyone's raising eyebrows and being like this,
cuz if you're gonna advocate for that,
everyone's gotta be on the same page cuz that's a big move to make. Right.
Right. So if one guy's like guys, maybe this is evil. It's like, okay,
now you're making us look evil.
And I don't like having this voice in the meeting. So it,
I think it's gonna be very hard to have some, but the thing is about this,
this strike because it was so precise.
I'm sure they're scared also that he would have no problem killing them
individually. That's the real fear. So it's like, oh, if I escalate this,
he might be coming for me person next. Or the people,
if there's a, you know, a revolt,
it could be like Kadafi and you're being raped to death by like a broomstick.
Mm.
And they don't want that either.
It was a bayonet.
Sorry. Okay.
I think it's a little rougher than that's even worse. Okay. Wow. Yeah. Jesus.
Remember that picture? No, I didn't wanna.
Look at it. He's standing there in shock. The guy stabbing him in the with a,
with a knife. Oh my God. Yeah.
But you said that that guy's gonna be the Mount EIMA guy of the future.
You know where the Mount EIMA guy flag is gonna be a guy just ramming
it right up Coff's. It's probably in a mosque somewhere.
So yeah, very quickly. You're gonna be wondering in my next,
and then you also wonder, do I wonder be a martyr and like go out heroically.
You're making all good points.
But what I'm worried about is some sort of an attack on,
on some sort of a public place. It'll like a.
Disneyland. It'll be a lot easier for them to right.
Or Disney or hitting Israel. Yeah. You know? So they like, look, we hate them,
blah, blah, blah, or Iraq somewhere. Right. So who knows what I mean,
what they did with the Iraq war with when it was Bush and Tony Blair,
they bombed the train station in Spain and Spain couldn't get out of the war
Fest enough.
So it could be that they're going after one of her allies to separate us,
you know, that might be a smart move to do. You.
Go for weird.
Jazz game. There's so many spots to hit. You know what I mean?
There's no way you can really, uh, it's like a shell game.
There's only so many shells.
Jesus Christ. Yeah. This doesn't make you nervous at all. No,
but you're a psychopath. Right?
What do you mean? Aren't you? How my psychopath <laugh> God,
there's a lot of name calling in this 20, 20 Joe. Rogan's just.
I'm kidding. But you, you are not all in all fair. You nothing. You really,
a hundred percent com.
I'm not a hundred percent confident at all. Are you.
60% Confident?
Uh, yes. I'm very hopeful.
That's it? Yes. So 40% might be the end of the world. No.
End of the world. It's I don't think it's on the table at all. No,
cuz I think what happens is Russia and China and Britain sit down with us and
they, and, and Iran and they're like, this is how it's gonna be.
That's what I think happens. Really. Yeah. There's I don't think it's,
we're at a point where we can escalate to a world war three.
Situation. Do you think Trump goes to that meeting up on diet pills?
What does he, does he take what not Adderall? What does he take with the accuse?
Him taking, oh.
Yeah. Efrin what is it? Uh, what is the, the, the,
the cold medicine that he had PSED yeah, that's right. Who,
which is Prine? Yeah. Pseudo Efrin okay.
It's a, it's a, that's like a speed. Yes. Yeah, yeah. And he got the European,
which is stronger. Okay.
I I'm, I <laugh>, I think it's very useful in.
Negotiations on, on speed. When you come off as a lunatic, that's true.
Because it's like, I don't know what I'm dealing with and now I'm scared.
That is true. About some, like, I wonder if he's being used in that regard.
Yeah. By that's a wrecking pole. Yeah. Like, look,
why are we gonna have this guy and have to gonna get impeached? Yeah. So we,
we can't support him for forever.
Let's just let this guy blow some people up and get,
get us some of my dirty work done. They go, Hey, we're real. Sorry about that.
Never happened again.